Adaptability	Powers up moves of the same type.
Aerilate	Normal-type moves become Flying-type moves.
Aftermath	Damages the attacker landing the finishing hit.
Air Lock	Eliminates the effects of weather.
Analytic	Boosts move power when the Pokémon moves last.
Anger Point	Maxes Attack after taking a critical hit.
Anticipation	Senses a foe's dangerous moves.
Arena Trap	Prevents the foe from fleeing.
Aroma Veil	Protects allies from attacks that limit their move choice
Aura Break	The effects of "Aura" Abilities are reversed.
Bad Dreams	Reduces a sleeping foe's HP.
Battle Armor	The Pokémon is protected against critical hits.
Big Pecks	Protects the Pokémon from Defense-lowering attacks
Blaze	Powers up Fire-type moves in a pinch.
Bulletproof	Protects the Pokémon from some ball and bomb moves.
Cheek Pouch	Restores HP as well when the Pokémon eats a Berry.
Chlorophyll	Boosts the Pokémon's Speed in sunshine.
Clear Body	Prevents other Pokémon from lowering its stats.
Cloud Nine	Eliminates the effects of weather.
Color Change	Changes the Pokémon's type to the foe's move.
Competitive	Boosts the Sp. Atk stat when a stat is lowered.
Compoundeyes	The Pokémon's accuracy is boosted.
Contrary	Makes stat changes have an opposite effect.
Cursed Body	May disable a move used on the Pokémon.
Cute Charm	Contact with the Pokémon may cause infatuation.
Damp	Prevents the use of self-destructing moves.
Dark Aura	Powers up each Pokémon’s Dark-type moves.
Defeatist	Lowers stats when HP becomes half or less.
Defiant	When its stats are lowered its Attack increases.
Download	Adjusts power according to a foe's defenses.
Drizzle	The Pokémon makes it rain if it appears in battle.
Drought	Turns the sunlight harsh if it is in battle.
Dry Skin	Reduces HP if it is hot. Water restores HP.
Early Bird	The Pokémon awakens quickly from sleep.
Effect Spore	Contact may poison or cause paralysis or sleep.
Fairy Aura	Powers up each Pokémon’s Fairy-type moves.
Filter	Reduces damage from supereffective attacks.
Flame Body	Contact with the Pokémon may burn the attacker.
Flare Boost	Powers up special attacks when burned.
Flash Fire	It powers up Fire-type moves if it's hit by one.
Flower Gift	Powers up party Pokémon when it is sunny.
Flower Veil	Prevents lowering of ally Grass-type Pokémon's stats.
Forecast	Castform transforms with the weather.
Forewarn	Determines what moves a foe has.
Friend Guard	Reduces damage done to allies.
Frisk	The Pokémon can check a foe's held item.
Fur Coat	Halves damage from physical moves.
Gale Wings	Gives priority to Flying-type moves.
Gluttony	Encourages the early use of a held Berry.
Gooey	Contact with the Pokémon lowers the attacker's Speed stat
Grass Pelt	Boosts the Defense stat in Grassy Terrain.
Guts	Boosts Attack if there is a status problem.
Harvest	May create another Berry after one is used.
Healer	May heal an ally's status conditions.
Heatproof	Weakens the power of Fire-type moves.
Heavy Metal	Doubles the Pokémon's weight.
Honey Gather	The Pokémon may gather Honey from somewhere.
Huge Power	Raises the Pokémon's Attack stat.
Hustle	Boosts the Attack stat, but lowers accuracy.
Hydration	Heals status problems if it is raining.
Hyper Cutter	Prevents other Pokémon from lowering Attack stat.
Ice Body	The Pokémon gradually regains HP in a hailstorm.
Illuminate	Raises the likelihood of meeting wild Pokémon.
Illusion	Comes out disguised as the Pokémon in back.
Immunity	Prevents the Pokémon from getting poisoned.
Imposter	It transforms itself into the Pokémon it is facing
Infiltrator	Passes through the foe's barrier and strikes.
Inner Focus	The Pokémon is protected from flinching.
Insomnia	Prevents the Pokémon from falling asleep.
Intimidate	Lowers the foe's Attack stat.
Iron Barbs	Inflicts damage to the Pokémon on contact.
Iron Fist	Boosts the power of punching moves.
Justified	Raises Attack when hit by a Dark-type move.
Keen Eye	Prevents other Pokémon from lowering accuracy.
Klutz	The Pokémon can't use any held items.
Leaf Guard	Prevents problems with status in sunny weather.
Levitate	Gives full immunity to all Ground-type moves.
Light Metal	Halves the Pokémon's weight.
Lightningrod	Draws in all Electric-type moves to up Sp. Attack.
Limber	The Pokémon is protected from paralysis.
Liquid Ooze	Damages attackers using any draining move.
Magic Bounce	Reflects status- changing moves.
Magic Guard	The Pokémon only takes damage from attacks.
Magician	The Pokémon steals the held item of a Pokémon it hits wit
Magma Armor	Prevents the Pokémon from becoming frozen.
Magnet Pull	Prevents Steel-type Pokémon from escaping.
Marvel Scale	Ups Defense if there is a status problem.
Mega Launcher	Powers up aura and pulse moves.
Minus	Ups Sp. Atk if another Pokémon has Plus or Minus.
Mold Breaker	Moves can be used regardless of Abilities.
Moody	Raises one stat and lowers another.
Motor Drive	Raises Speed if hit by an Electric-type move.
Moxie	Boosts Attack after knocking out any Pokémon.
Multiscale	Reduces damage when HP is full.
Multitype	Changes type to match the held Plate.
Mummy	Contact with this Pokémon spreads this Ability.
Natural Cure	All status problems heal when it switches out.
No Guard	Ensures attacks by or against the Pokémon land.
Normalize	All the Pokémon's moves become the Normal type.
Oblivious	Prevents it from becoming infatuated.
Overcoat	Protects the Pokémon from damage from weather.
Overgrow	Powers up Grass-type moves in a pinch.
Own Tempo	Prevents the Pokémon from becoming confused.
Parental Bond	Parent and child attack together.
Pickpocket	Steals an item when hit by another Pokémon.
Pickup	The Pokémon may pick up items.
Pixilate	Normal-type moves become Fairy-type moves.
Plus	Ups Sp. Atk if another Pokémon has Plus or Minus.
Poison Heal	Restores HP if the Pokémon is poisoned.
Poison Point	Contact with the Pokémon may poison the attacker.
Poison Touch	May poison targets when a Pokémon makes contact.
Prankster	Gives priority to a status move.
Pressure	The Pokémon raises the foe's PP usage.
Protean	Changes the Pokémon’s type to the type of the move it's using.
Pure Power	Raises the Pokémon's Attack stat.
Quick Feet	Boosts Speed if there is a status problem.
Rain Dish	The Pokémon gradually regains HP in rain.
Rattled	Some move types scare it and boost its Speed.
Reckless	Powers up moves that have recoil damage.
Refrigerate	Normal-type moves become Ice-type moves.
Regenerator	Restores a little HP when withdrawn from battle.
Rivalry	Deals more damage to a Pokémon of same gender.
Rock Head	Protects the Pokémon from recoil damage.
Rough Skin	Inflicts damage to the attacker on contact.
Run Away	Enables a sure getaway from wild Pokémon.
Sand Force	Boosts certain moves' power in a sandstorm.
Sand Rush	Boosts the Pokémon's Speed in a sandstorm.
Sand Stream	The Pokémon summons a sandstorm in battle.
Sand Veil	Boosts the Pokémon's evasion in a sandstorm.
Sap Sipper	Boosts Attack when hit by a Grass-type move.
Scrappy	Enables moves to hit Ghost-type Pokémon.
Serene Grace	Boosts the likelihood of added effects appearing.
Shadow Tag	Prevents the foe from escaping.
Shed Skin	The Pokémon may heal its own status problems.
Sheer Force	Removes added effects to increase move damage.
Shell Armor	The Pokémon is protected against critical hits.
Shield Dust	Blocks the added effects of attacks taken.
Simple	The Pokémon is prone to wild stat changes.
Skill Link	Increases the frequency of multi-strike moves.
Slow Start	Temporarily halves Attack and Speed.
Sniper	Powers up moves if they become critical hits.
Snow Cloak	Raises evasion in a hailstorm.
Snow Warning	The Pokémon summons a hailstorm in battle.
Solar Power	In sunshine, Sp. Atk is boosted but HP decreases.
Solid Rock	Reduces damage from supereffective attacks.
Soundproof	Gives full immunity to all sound-based moves.
Speed Boost	Its Speed stat is gradually boosted.
Stall	The Pokémon moves after all other Pokémon d
Stance Change	The Pokémon changes form depending on how it battles.
Static	Contact with the Pokémon may cause paralysis.
Steadfast	Raises Speed each time the Pokémon flinches.
Stench	The stench may cause the target to flinch.
Sticky Hold	Protects the Pokémon from item theft.
Storm Drain	Draws in all Water-type moves to up Sp. Attack.
Strong Jaw	The Pokémon's strong jaw gives it tremendous biting power.
Sturdy	It cannot be knocked out with one hit.
Suction Cups	Negates all moves that force switching out.
Super Luck	Heightens the critical- hit ratios of moves.
Swarm	Powers up Bug-type moves in a pinch.
Sweet Veil	Prevents itself and ally Pokémon from falling asleep.
Swift Swim	Boosts the Pokémon's Speed in rain.
Symbiosis	The Pokémon can pass an item to an ally.
Synchronize	Passes a burn, poison, or paralysis to the foe.
Tangled Feet	Raises evasion if the Pokémon is confused.
Technician	Powers up the Pokémon's weaker moves.
Telepathy	Anticipates an ally's attack and dodges it.
Teravolt	Moves can be used regardless of Abilities.
Thick Fat	Ups resistance to Fire- and Ice-type moves.
Tinted Lens	Powers up “not very effective” moves.
Torrent	Powers up Water-type moves in a pinch.
Tough Claws	Powers up moves that make direct contact.
Toxic Boost	Powers up physical attacks when poisoned.
Trace	The Pokémon copies a foe's Ability.
Truant	Pokémon can't attack on consecutive turns.
Turboblaze	Moves can be used regardless of Abilities.
Unaware	Ignores any stat changes in the Pokémon.
Unburden	Raises Speed if a held item is used.
Unnerve	Makes the foe nervous and unable to eat Berries.
Victory Star	Boosts the accuracy of its allies and itself.
Vital Spirit	Prevents the Pokémon from falling asleep.
Volt Absorb	Restores HP if hit by an Electric-type move.
Water Absorb	Restores HP if hit by a Water-type move.
Water Veil	Prevents the Pokémon from getting a burn.
Weak Armor	Physical attacks lower Defense and raise Speed.
White Smoke	Prevents other Pokémon from lowering its stats.
Wonder Guard	Only supereffective moves will hit.
Wonder Skin	Makes status-changing moves more likely to miss.
Zen Mode	Changes the Pokémon's shape when HP is halved.
